	<player> had to be sure the thug was dead, so he slith his throat just to be safe. The feeling
exilaration of your life hangig in the ballance was quickly giving way to the pain of the wounds he had
suffered. Now that it was all over he just laid down on the floor and let himself saccumb to the exhaustion.
	When <player> woke up the following day the sun was already high in the sky. It was almost midday
and his first thought was: Damn, I overslept... again... He imidiately jumped out of bed, that's when he
felt the pain. The memories of the night before were like a dream he couldn't quite believe what had
happened even as he was inspecting his freshly dressed wounds, a clear indication that the events of last
night were beyond doubth real. 
	The sound of horse shoes on the road quickly made him snap out of thoughts about yesterday's encounter.
About a dozen soldiers were aproaching. Armour shining in the sun, the royal colors held high, it was a
marvelous and very unusual sight especially this far from the city. <player> watched as the guards stopped
right in front of the house and dismounted. The pain was festering again, I must have torn one of the stitches
<player> thought to himself. Non the less he bit his lip and went downstairs to see the soldiers for himself.
In the kitchen he saw his father and the commander of the troop crouching over the dead burglar.
	-This is my son. his father said.
The officer still crouching looked at <player>:
	-So you are the one we have thank for this ungodly mess!?
<player> didn't know what to say.
	-I asked you a question, speak up.
Yesterday it seemed pretty clear what was the right thing to do but now? Three men are dead and an soldier was
questioning him, what if they were here to hang the murderer!? <player> noded in agreement.
	-Well then we you should collect your reward.
The soldier's tone indicated in no way what so ever if the reward was gold or the rope. Fortunately for <player>
the soldier handed him a note specifying a reward of a hundred gold pieces for the gang captured or killed. The
soldier smiled and asked <player> to explain how exactly he was able to defeat three armed men that had eluded
the law for weeks. The soldier listened carefully to the detailed accaunt of the previous night. After <player>
finished, the soldier thought for a while and said: