	<player> waited until only one of the men was left outside. He grabbed a firm hold of the
first big rock he laid his eyes on, and waited for a moment when his opponent would turn his back.
He only had to wait a few seconds. The unsuspecting soul couldn't even muster a grunt as the heavy
boulder smashed through the back of his head, not stopping until it reached his face.
	<player> listened for a sign that he'd been discovered... nothing. A muffled sigh of relief
and back to business. He glanced trough the wide open door, he could hear one set of stepps going
up the stairs. There wasn't enough time for the other one to have gone up, so shurely he must still
be on the first floor. The familiar sound of the kitchen cabinet opening drew his attention. Now
I've got you, thought <player> to himself. A few stepps and he saw the second thug trying to pry
open the old chest they used for keeping the vegitables. It wasn't locked or anything, the hinges
were just rusty, so it took quite a bit of expertise to open it. And it was these rusty hinges that
were gonna cost the thief his life. <player> grabbed the garrote hangigng from a small hook on the
wall and without hesitation wrapped it arround the intruder's thick throat. Just a sharp pull and...
nothing!? At first <player> thought the wire had snapped, and with good reason. There was no blood
and the thug stood there as if nothing had happened. And then the head started slowly sliding forward.
<player> gasped in relief. Which almost made him forget about the head. He grabbed it in an attempt
to prevent a most unwelcome ruckus. Unfortunately with his other hand still holding the garrote he
simply couldn't prevent the recently detached body from falling over. The fall wasn't loud by any
standard but for a man in a house which is not his own in the dead of night trying to rob the owner
of said house it was a sign something was not right. Quick on his feet <player> grabbed a knife and
hid behind the door. Meanwhile the third robber hearing the fall went to "discipline" his clumsy
partner in crime. He didn't see the first body laying just outside the door but he did see the 
beheaded one in the kitchen. The grinding of the blade as it exited the scabbard, and a flash of
light reflected from the drawn sword, <palyer> knew he had to fight and this time surprise was not
on his side.